seite 88, nr 2.

a) he is sad and wants to think about his life.

b) I don't understand him and his actions. After all we are different people.

nr 3.
    It's not really a hard decision for me.
    I would go with my family, because i'd love to see mount rushmore, and not so much the town i spend so much tim ein anyway.
    The history is so interesting fo the big rock...
    The native american are just shooting themselves into the foot, by restricting their travel to mount rushmore.
    

Mount Rushmore, SOMETHING TO BE PROUD OF?

Proud:                              Not Proud:

It's beautiful and its a impressive             It's built on ground that was promised to indians.

work of art.                                    The presidents weren't heros, but more murderers, they killed alots of indians.

A modern world wonder   

Is mount rushmore something to be proud of? 
Mount Rushmore is known to almost every person in the educated and first world world. It is considerd one of the mordern day world wonders and is, as i already said, very famous.
But under native americans it is considered a "unholy" and not good place, because the presidents embedded in the stones were not heroes, but instead murderers, because they killed indians.
And also the statues are built on land that was promised to native americans a long time ago, which was given to then, but then again taken away.

Uuuups i shouldn't have written my own text...



If i would visit Mount Rushmore:

Mount Rushmore is known to almost every person in the educated and first world world. It is considerd one of the mordern day world wonders and is, as i already said, very famous.
But under native americans it is considered a "unholy" and not good place, because the presidents embedded in the stones were not heroes, but instead murderers, because they killed indians.
And also the statues are built on land that was promised to native americans a long time ago, which was given to then, but then again taken away.

I don't know if i would visit Mount Rushmore, because on the one hand side those presidents made america free and a democratic country, but all of that freedm was built upon the blood of indians.

But by just not visiting it, you also don't fix all of the problems. 

Maybe i would visit it though, because the heads must be huge. And i'd love to see them. And i am not the type of person who cares too much what other dead people think.

And so many people go there, that it wouldn't be something terrific to go there.

