Notes:  What: A virus outbreak all over the world
        Why: Because some random guy in China ate a bat
        When: Right now
        Who: Everyone is effected 
        Where: All over the world

Everything is affected through the corona virus outbreak. 
11,554 already died (21 march in the morning) and the stock market collapsed.
Thousands of businesses have to put their workers into short time and many businesses will probably go bankrupt

The virus started in China in December of 2019, the cause was probably a guy eating a bat, which carried the virus.
The virus quickly spread all over China and its neighboring countries.
Around one and a half months later the first western countries reported their first cases.
It all seemed to go all well, until Italy reported a spike in their cases.
By now Italy has more deaths then China.
From Italy it spread very rapidly into the other European countries. Germany, France and almost all other european countries closed their schools around 1-2 weeks after the Italy incident.
In all countries people are advised to stay at home and only leave their house if necessary.
International travel has never been limited so much, in fear of foreign people carrying the virus.

After the large pandemic called the spanish flue, public healthcare spending against viruses was on an all time high. 
But since then there were not any viruses that went so viral like the spanish flue.
So the spending in that sector of course fell, so that the state can invest it into other stuff (like the military duh) 
That helps to explain why the virus is currently ripping through the United States with already 19,774 confirmed cases and probably a large number of unconfirmed ones. 
Because the mortality rate in the USA is so much higher then the average there are a lot of undiscovered cases

A large amount of the viruses get carried to humans by animals, like litterally every other virus comes from moskitos.
But now that China has banned eating any animals like bats and similar ones there should be a bit less of suprise viruses that then go viral and kill a large amount of people.